Document clock drift parameters in guide (#3420)
informalsystems/hermes: guide/src/advanced/troubleshooting/clock-drift.md

# Handling Clock Drift

> When it comes to distributed systems, clock drift is always a consideration that needs to be 
> taken into account. There is always some amount of drift between the clock of the source chain 
> and the clock of the destination chain that must be accounted for. As far as Hermes is concerned,
> there are two configuration parameters that exist to specify how much clock drift ought to be tolerated: 
>  - `clock_drift` is a correction parameter that specifies how far in the future or past a chain's clock may
>    drift in relation to this client. The destination chain for this client uses this parameter when deciding
> 	 whether to accept or reject a new header from the source chain for this client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IBC light client security model requires that timestamp of a header included in client updates for some `client` is within `[now - client.trusting_period, now + client.max_clock_drift)`.

The `trusting_period` is a parameter that is configurable under the `[[chains]]` section and its default value is two thirds of the chain `unbonding_period`.
The rest of this section describes the configuration parameters that determine the `max_clock_drift`.

IBC light client security model requires that the clocks of the reference and host chains are roughly synchronized. Hermes uses the `clock_drift` and `max_block_time` configuration parameters to determine how much clock drift is tolerable between the reference and host chains.
 - `clock_drift` is a correction parameter that specifies how far in the future or past a chain's clock may be from the current time..
```

 - `max_block_time` is the maximum amount of time that can occur before a new block is created on the chain. 

> > **Note:** When it comes to Cosmos SDK chains, a good approximation for `max_block_time` is
> `timeout_propose` + `timeout_commit`, which together sum up to the total amount of time before
> the proposal and commitment steps for a new block time out. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** For Cosmos SDK chains, a good approximation for `max_block_time` is
`C * (timeout_propose + timeout_commit)`. To allow for some variance in block times while still detecting forward lunatic attacks (todo - add reference), it is recommended to set `C` to be in the `3..5` range. Hermes uses the default value of `30s` which is a good approximation for most Cosmos SDK chains that have 6-10sec block times.
```

Reviewer: It's a constant to allow for variation in block times, mainly due to Tx execution time which is outside of consensus params.

# Handling Clock Drift

> IBC light client security model requires that the timestamp of a header included in client updates for some `client` is within `[now - client.trusting_period, now + client.max_clock_drift)`.

Reviewer 2: should ]

Author: Hi @DaviRain-Su, I don't believe this is a typo. The `)` on the right-hand side of the range indicates that the max value of the range is exclusive such that it doesn't include `now + client.max_clock_drift`.

Reviewer 2: oh thx your explain, I missunderstand.
